# Timmy-Toms
Timmy Tom’s is a quick-service sandwich shop that provides subs, sandwiches, assorted beverages, and snacks.  Many people need food fast and do not have time to cook for themselves, but many options in regards to fast-food are proven to be unhealthy.  Timmy Tom’s aims to be a healthier alternative to other established fast-food franchises by providing a wider variety of sandwiches with healthier options for ingredients.  Timmy Tom’s also provides nutritional information on the menu for customers wishing to keep track of their daily nutrition.  Timmy Tom’s features a sandwich of the month, which uses slightly more premium and unique ingredients than the rest of the sandwiches.  Timmy Tom’s offers house-made chips and a pickle spear with every sandwich meal package.  The first Timmy Tom’s location opened in 1974 in Champaign, Illinois and has been a hit among consumers ever since.  They opened their first location in the downtown Champaign area.  People greatly appreciated a new quick-service sandwich shop and Timmy Tom’s was able to gain a footing financially.  They decided to move into the Chicago area in an attempt to make the brand more lucrative.  Timmy Toms was a hit in the bustling Windy City and was easily able to justify moving into such a high-profile, high-cost environment.  The brand began franchising out more locations in the great lakes area, and soon enough began expanding into other regions of the United States. They expanded their reach to more cities including: Los Angeles, Seattle, Phoenix, Austin, Miami, Atlantic City, and New York. With the popularity of quick-service sandwich shops in the United States, Timmy Tom’s was able to establish themselves as a competitive fast-food franchise with locations all across the country.
Timmy Tom’s has experienced rapid growth up until March of 2020.  They have done so well, that they believe that they have currently saturated the market.  They have all of the high-revenue locations that they are aware of and are beginning to place more care and consideration on where they begin to open more new stores.  Timmy Tom’s has taken data from 307 of their stores in 2019 to contrive which characteristics of their current locations contribute to their high-revenue potential.  Using this data, we can determine a clearer expansion path moving forward.  We can gain insights into where Timmy Tom’s should aim to locate and who the target audience is for marketing.
